This is just a shit ton of bugs. We're gonna walk through it. It's not even bad. It's not bad. It is workable right now, especially on computer. It's fine. But on mobile, There's a lot of shit that's bugged. Like... I'm just going to go through the computer stuff now because it probably makes sense to fix the bugs that are on the computer because they're more further along than it is to fix the really... Broken ass podcast. We're gonna test everything here. We got the name new I did already test the name changer that worked and Level 1 novice. Um, This one works too, the quest picker. So if you click on this, you go to the quest picker. And if you change the setting to instant start, You press this button and it instantly starts the quest. The current most recommended quest apparently is math. which is an automatic link. To this website math academy calm. I just like put in a link and So, That's working good. That's good. We're going to do... The quest picker though, I think, because that's a good workflow to test. So, - Um, So this thing you can turn. This was a pain in the ass to code, but it's working. All right, whatever. While you scroll it, this is increasing the duration. I don't really love that it's in the center here. I think it's kind of weird and too much, but... Um, That's how it is. While you're picking your quest, you can click here to sort basically like what you're looking for. And that adjusts the List here. I feel like these list items should probably take up the entire bottom of the screen like it's literally all we need Or like some of this would be like part of your daily schedule. And then part of this would be like some other stuff. Like it could be more structured than just picking from random. Um, But let's just set it as five minutes and then we're gonna do like software testing. And there's nothing like Like probably what would be really smart is run a tiny LLM. to process this text and have like really, really high quality test really, really high quality quest finding, but it's just like retardedly over-engineered. You know what I mean? But it would be funny. And like it is technically possible, like you can run instantly, you can run instant, really, really tiny LMS on people's computer to just process like half a sentence. And I think honestly, it could massively increase the level of just like quality of life when you use it. But we're just going to do software testing here. And then that would be really cool if that was on a, that was, if you paid for it, that was also on a global scale. So you could access everyone else's quests. You know what I mean? Because then you could actually filter by a single quest and be like, who has done this quest the most in the whole world? And then this is the other thing. So if I have a tiny LLM here, it could fill out this whole thing for me. I mean, none of this... All this information is optional. It doesn't really fucking matter. But it would be so cool if this just automatically... set itself up, right? I mean, it kind of did, right? Like... It set 25 minutes and it said vitality, creativity and intelligence. But I feel like this whole thing could be set up with an LLM filling it out for you, and that would actually be really cool. Especially if you gave it like strict rules for what each of these scores as is, is like meaning. And it read that every time. I think it would be cool, but yeah, We're just gonna do software testing And I don't... Yeah. Yeah, they are. Yeah, getting bread. I would probably just put that in intelligence. The... The way I grade intelligence is, is it the smart thing to do? Which I think is actually like, if you think about all of these in a more abstract way, they start to work a lot better. And I've sort of forced myself to do that because I've just been too lazy to change them. Because they're there. I mean, there's just placeholders. You know, I mean like I just thought of like I had to think of a bunch and just spitballing, but... Spirit is like... You don't even need to describe that. It's just like, there's some bullshit. You can always add spirit. It's a bullshit. Yeah. Creativity probably would be the first to go, but I don't know. Okay. So, Yeah, probably. Yeah, you're definitely right about that. Vitality was supposed to be... Life force. So, No, because you're thinking about it too literally. It's also mental strength. So strength is doing anything that you don't want to do or that's hard. Dexterity is doing anything that requires Precise skill. Stamina is doing anything enduring. Strength and stamina could go together. So yeah, so vitality and stamina, we can probably merge those or even just fully get rid of them. And then that gives us room for a few more. Charisma is a... Yeah, I have to add charisma. So I'll probably get rid of these and add charisma. I think you fold currency in with intelligence, but you're like... Because I'm also... I'm trying to... I should probably just stick Vitality and Stamina. Yeah. Anyway. It's intelligence I would for a job at McDonald's, I would do intelligence. I would do stamina and I would do strength. And maybe Dex. And maybe spirit too. I honestly, I would throw Spirit on to almost anything. Yeah. That's good too. That was another monetization strategy I thought of is make... each stat You pay more to add stats, right? And then you can use other people's quests, but to make your own quests and customize them like this, you have to pay. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, you're totally right. I mean, the entire system is a complete made up thing. So it's just like, The leaderboard is just a joke. That's what I'm saying. To pay for the leaderboard is retarded. The whole leaderboard is just meaningless because people can set... whatever points they want and just they could just spam it all day if they really wanted to Yep. Yep. Yeah, it does. It does. Yeah, it does. I actually talked past you a little bit and I didn't explain one thing. I think the leaderboard actually solves this problem. It doesn't cause the problem. Because... If you have global quests... When you pay to make quests, Then, once I make software testing as a quest, the whole world uses my software testing. Quest. the point allocation for it. So you can't just make an OPS quest. One, because you're limited in the number of points you can apply. But two, Um, I'm gonna make like the, maybe not the majority, but a ton of quests and then there's gonna be a limit, right? Because they're general enough, right? It's not like... And like there's sub quest, right? Like software testing is probably too specific. Maybe not. Maybe it's just right, but like, Software testing might be a sub, a sub a sub quest out of software development, which just is a static like Int quest that everyone it went now no matter what they do what they do it they get some int It's not like I can set my own personal quest that gives me more than everyone else. I don't know. I mean, also, if we make it impartial, AI will set it up for you then. That might be a solution too.